CIS1057
FIVE MINUTE TEST #11
December 7, 2010




(10)	1. We want to represent in our program a book, with title,
	   author, publisher, price. How would you do it? be precise,
	   i.e. write a definition in C.

struct book {
  char title[100];
  char author[100];
  char publisher[100];
  float price;
};

Implemented like:

struct book my_book;
my_book.price = 19.99;
strcpy(my_book.title, "The Catcher in the Rye");
strcpy(my_book.author, "J.D. Salinger");
strcpy(my_book.publisher, "Little, Brown and Company");

(10)    2. (a) What is a stub?
	   (b) What is a driver?
	   (c) What do we find in a file with name like foo.h?

(a): In software development, a "stub" is a small piece of code that serves as a placeholder for a larger piece of functionality that has not yet been implemented. A stub typically provides a simplified or incomplete version of the functionality it represents, and is used to test and debug other parts of the software system that depend on that functionality.

(b): In software development, a "driver" is a piece of code that is used to test and debug another piece of code, typically a function or module. A driver provides input parameters to the code being tested, and captures the output or side-effects of that code, allowing the developer to verify that it is working correctly.

(c):  file with the name "foo.h" is typically a header file in the C or C++ programming languages. Header files contain declarations of functions, variables, and other entities that are used by one or more source code files in a program. Header files are typically included at the beginning of a source code file using the preprocessor directive #include, which causes the contents of the header file to be inserted into the source code file during compilation.

(20)	3. Given a file, say moo.txt, whose lines contain a part number,
	   say a 12 character field, and a cost, say a double value,
	   write the function  void raisePrice(char * filename)
	   that reads all the lines and prints them out with the price of 
	   the items raised by 5%.

See attached C.
